Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
(V4.1)
Updated: November 12, 2024
Shanghai Xunmeng Information Technology Co., Ltd. and its affiliated companies (hereinafter referred to as "Pinduoduo" or
"We") pay great attention to protecting the personal information of users (hereinafter referred to as "you"), given that you are using
When using our products or services, we may collect relevant information about you to help you recharge
Learn more about how we collect, use, share, store and protect your personal information and
How you can manage your personal information so that you can better make appropriate choices,
This "Pinduoduo Privacy Policy" (hereinafter referred to as "this policy").
Before you start using our products or services, please be sure to read them carefully and thoroughly
Comprehensively understand this policy (especially the contents of bold or bold underlined marks) and confirm that it is sufficient
Use relevant products or services after understanding and agreeing. If you have any questions about this policy, you may
Contact us via the contact information stated in this policy.
You agree to this policy to express your awareness and consent to the use of our basic functions
The collection and processing of necessary information does not mean that you agree to the collection and processing of other additional functions.
For personal information, other additional functions to process personal information, we will seek your consent separately.
This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:
1. Scope of application
2. Information collection and use
3. The use of cookies and similar technologies
4. Information sharing, commissioned processing, transfer and public disclosure
5. Information storage and protection
6. User personal information rights
7. Protection of personal information of minors
8. Policy updates
9.Others
Appendix: Related definitions and descriptions
1. Scope of application
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 1/18
This policy applies to Pinduoduo's website, client, mini program and technology development
The current new form provides you with various products and services. If we provide products or services, we provide
If there is a separate privacy policy or a corresponding user service agreement, then the product will be
The privacy policy or user service agreement of the product or service will be applied first, but for the product or service
Content not covered by the Privacy Policy and User Service Agreement shall prevail. like
We and our affiliated companies use the products or services provided by Pinduoduo in the products or services provided by us and our affiliated companies.
If an independent privacy policy is not set up, this policy also applies to this part of products or services.
Except for the relevant information collection and use activities stated in this policy, this policy does not apply to Pinduo.
Multi-comprehensive service platform merchants and other third-party services provide you with other services. Other services are suitable
Use the rules for collecting and using personal information that it explains to you separately. For example, when you join a merchant
When a member, such merchants apply the rules they specifically explain to you to the use of member information.
2. Information collection and use
When you use Pinduoduo products or services, we provide you with various specific functional scenario packages.
Including the following categories, our basic functions are to achieve the purpose of providing you with online shopping services and other purposes.
Including registration and login, display of goods/services, transactions and after-sales, guaranteed accounts and transaction security
congruent. You must authorize us to collect and use necessary information, if you refuse to provide the corresponding letter
You may not be able to use our products or services normally:
2.1. Register and log in
2.1.1. When you use your mobile phone number to register as a Pinduoduo user, we will send it
SMS verification code to verify whether your identity is valid. When you use "Native Number One Click"
When logging in, we will cooperate with the communications operator and after your consent,
Use the features provided by the communications operator to register/login the mobile phone number in your device as you
The account is exempt from SMS verification code verification, thus providing you with convenient registration and login services.
If you do not want to use the "One-click login for native number", you can note it in other ways
Book and log in to Pinduoduo account.
When you use WeChat, QQ and other third-party accounts to log in to your Pinduoduo account, we will use your
Authorize to obtain your account information on third parties (including avatar, nickname and third-party authorization page)
other information displayed on the surface) to help you log in and use the Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform (
hereinafter referred to as "Pinduoduo Comprehensive Platform"), to protect the security of your account.
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 2/18
Among them, the avatar and nickname you set will be displayed publicly. If you do not provide the above information, you will
Can't register or log in to the Pinduoduo account, but you can still browse or search for products/services (below or
It is called "product" alone).
2.1.2. In addition, in scenarios such as account retrieval and mobile phone number re-binding, you can
You can submit corresponding ID information and/or facial information according to the authentication requirements to complete the real name
Authentication (In order to facilitate your real-name authentication, the system may automatically recommend you to the past
Identity information provided to us when using Pinduoduo products/services).
2.2. Display products/services
2.2.1. To provide you with page display and search results that better meet your needs and better
You show us the relevant services we provide and we may collect your visit or use Pinduoduo
Equipment information and log information during the integration platform, as well as other information that has obtained your authorization. you
You can also choose to collect products/services you are interested in and establish connections with the merchants you are interested in.
Pay attention to relationships and share product/service information with third parties through the functional components provided by us, in your
During the process of using the above functions, we may collect your search history and browsing history.
Log information including history, collection and record, and attention relationships are used to implement the above functions and other
We clarify the purpose of notification (such as discount/price reduction information prompts, merchants’ new tips, etc.).
2.2.2. We may also obtain your authorization based on your above information and other information
(such as order information) extract your preference characteristics and recommend you to you based on your preference characteristics
Content that may be of interest, including but not limited to matching products/services or theirs that may be of interest to you
He information, sorts the goods/services or other information displayed to you, and registers a mobile phone
Send commercial short message to you through the contact information provided by you, through the department
Show you ads in a regular or other way.
At the same time, we also provide protection for your privacy through the following measures (as follows
The relevant copywriting may be adjusted as the product is optimized, and the specific content shall be subject to the display of the page):
(1) If you use the site search service provided by us, you need to check whether it is for you.
Order or adjust the sorting method of human characteristics, you can click on the search results page to follow “Pin”
”, “Friends”, “Brands” or other optional dimensions to sort, or click “Filter
Select ", select "price range", "selected service", "product delivery place", "received place" or
Other pages can be set to filter search results.
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 3/18
(2) If you do not want to receive information such as products/services recommended by us, you can use it to
Press and hold the recommended product or service picture and select to reduce or block similar businesses according to the prompts on the page.
Products/Services; You can also use the Pinduoduo client "Personal Center-Settings-FAQs-Personalization
Turn off personalized content recommendations in Recommendation Management.
(3) If you want to manage the advertisements we send to you (including personalized advertisements displayed by the system)
Or through other third-party applications to you) you can use Pinduoduo customers
"Personal Center-Settings-Account and Security Personalized Advertising Management" or "Personal Center-Settings-Change
See the question - Personalized Advertising Management to set it up.
(4) If you do not want to receive commercial short messages sent to you by us, you can use the short messages
The unsubscribe method included is selected or use the Pinduoduo client "Personal Center-Settings-Message Receiver
Receive Settings - Promotional SMS" to close us and send you commercial text messages (you understand and
Agree, in order to facilitate your reception of relevant information, the sending of commercial short messages will be enabled by default).
2.3. Transaction and after-sales
2.3.1. Order information
When you place an order to purchase products/services on the Pinduoduo comprehensive platform, the system will generate the purchase of the business
Orders for products/services. You need to fill in the name (or name) of the consignee and receive the goods in the order.
Address and receiving mobile phone number. If the actual consignee is not you, you must ensure that you provide the actual
The consent of the actual consignee has obtained the foregoing information. The order will be loaded at the same time
Definite order number, the product/service information you purchased, order time, order time, you have
The offer you use, the transaction amount you actually paid and the payment method you used. According to section
Features of goods/services and requirements of applicable laws and regulations, you may also need to provide the purchase of the merchant
Products/Other information necessary for use of the service (specifically, subject to the page display), for example,
During cross-border transactions, you need to provide your ID information to complete customs clearance. If you do not purchase such
If the goods/do not use these services, no relevant information is required. All the above information constitutes yours
"Order Information". You understand and agree that we may use your order information to conduct you
Identity verification, transaction determination, payment settlement, completion of delivery, invoice issuance, tax declaration
Report, check orders for you, provide customer service consultation and after-sales service, etc.; we may also use
Your order information is used to determine whether there are any abnormalities in your transaction to ensure the security of your transaction.
2.3.2. Payment information
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 4/18
After you place an order, you can use the third-party payment machine supported by the Pinduoduo Comprehensive Service Platform System
(including WeChat Pay, Alipay, Duoduo Wallet, QQ Wallet, etc., the specific page is provided
The payment method provided shall prevail) we must complete the payment, and we must specify your order number and transaction amount as
and other necessary information required by payment and legally (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Payment Information") are provided to you
Select a payment institution to implement its confirmation of your payment order and complete payment.
You can also request your WeChat friends to pay for you, and at this time you want to nick your Pinduoduo account
The title, avatar, payment amount and product/service information (specifically, the actual display of the page shall prevail)
Provide the payer you choose to make it help you pay.
In order to enable us to promptly understand and confirm your payment progress and status, we will provide you with after-sales and disputes
Resolution Services, you agree that we may use the transaction object you choose or the third party branch you choose
The payment agency collects information related to payment progress.
2.3.3. Delivery information
When you place an order and choose to use first and pay later or complete the payment online, you know and agree to the product/service
The provision of services (or "merchant"), logistics distribution entities or other logistics services
The subject may use your consignee's name (or name), delivery address, and delivery mobile phone number
and other necessary information for delivery (hereinafter collectively referred to as "delivery information") to complete the goods/services for you
Delivery. To provide you with after-sales and dispute resolution services, we need to be informed in a timely manner
And confirm the delivery progress and status. You agree that we can collect it from the main body of the logistics service provider
Information related to delivery progress. Among them, the logistics distribution entities include express delivery companies and warehousing companies
Department, mainline transport companies and other third parties involved in the delivery of goods/services.
2.3.4. Information required for customer service and after-sales service
When you contact us or submit an application for handling disputes during sale, after-sales service, or disputes, in order to ensure that
Your account and system are secure, we need you to provide account information and other necessary personal information to
Verify your identity.
To facilitate contact with you, record, resolve relevant issues you raise or evaluate the quality of after-sales service
We may save your communication, communication/call history and related content (including yours
Contact information, account information, order information or other letters you provide to prove the relevant facts
to assist customer service staff in completing the services you requested. To provide services and improve services
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 5/18
We may also use your other information, including your contact with customer service.
Relevant information provided by the department, the questionnaire reply letter sent to us when you participated in the questionnaire survey
interest.
2.4. Ensure account and transaction security
In order to fulfill the legal obligation to ensure the security of e-commerce transactions, improve your use of Pinduoduo products and
The security of the service ensures the personal and property safety of you, other users or the public, and better prepare
Prevent risks such as network vulnerabilities, computer viruses, cyber attacks and fraud, and more accurately identify violations
We may be in the situation of anti-laws and regulations or related agreements and rules of Pinduoduo comprehensive platform
Obtain account information, transaction information, and device information when using it (Including application list information,
Using version information, Android ID and IMEI are only before version 6.63.0, Pinduoduo APP,
OAID/IDFA, HarmonyOS OAID, Mac address, device network environment, acceleration
sensor information such as degree, gravity, etc.), log information, and our affiliated companies and partners to obtain
Obtain your authorization or shared information based on the law to determine your account and transaction risks and verify it
Identity, detection and prevention of security incidents, and take necessary records, analysis, audits, and
Disposal measures.
2.5. Information disclosure and video browsing
2.5.1. Reviews and comments: You can publish the reviews and other information provided to you through the reviews and other information we provide to you.
Function, select to post reviews, publicly publish pictures/texts/videos and share purchased products/services
Information about the business. We respect and protect your requirements on whether or not to publish relevant information and the scope of the release
Set. When you comment on comments or videos posted by other users, your head
Images, nicknames and comment content will be displayed publicly. The information you publish publicly may involve you
Personal information or even sensitive personal information, please carefully choose whether to publish it; if you publish it publicly
The information involves the personal information of other people, please be sure to obtain the prior consent of others.
2.5.2. Content release: When you produce/edit, publish audio and video, etc., your avatar,
Nickname, published text, pictures, audio and video, related links, positioning and related comments,
Information such as interaction will be collected.
2.5.3. Video browsing: When you browse video content and live content, in order to optimize your purpose
Use experience to get personalized content, we may use your following, like,
Records of interaction, search, browsing and forwarding.
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 6/18
2.6. Sharing and interaction
2.6.1. Friend interaction: You can add friends through QR code, if you authorize us
Read your address book, you can also add address book friends. You understand and agree that we may
Will interact based on your and other users during the process of order grouping, sharing, following, participating in activities, etc.
Be a friend to you, as well as your and other users’ mobile phone numbers, address books and other relationships authorized by you and other users
Recommend or recommend you to the corresponding users.
2.6.2. Live room interaction: When you watch live streaming, your avatar, nickname, and live room will be connected.
The information on the moving information (such as comments, likes, followers, rewards, gifts, order-publishing information, etc.) may be in
Public display in the live broadcast room (or after desensitization), and we may collect your
The interaction situation forms statistical data in the live broadcast room (such as lists, popularity, etc.) and is displayed publicly.
2.6.3. Information and Event Sharing: When you share or receive shared information, participate in activities, etc.
In case, Pinduoduo needs to access your clipboard locally, read the password contained in it,
Sharing codes and links to realize functions or services such as jumping, sharing, and activity linkage. Pinduoduo
Only locally identify the clipboard content as Pinduoduo jump, sharing, activity linkage and other instructions
It will be uploaded to our server only. In addition, Pinduoduo will not upload your clipboard
other information to our server. In addition, we may need to read your mobile album
To facilitate you to share or receive shared videos and pictures.
Please understand that some mobile phone devices will prompt that the application (App) is reading the clipboard
or photo album, but the system prompts that it is impossible to distinguish whether it is processed locally or uploaded, and because of the statistics
The difference in formulas does not rule out the possibility of false positives. So if you find a similar prompt and have doubts
Ask, please contact us so that we can locate the problem.
2.7. Provide you with additional services based on system permissions
To provide you with better quality, satisfactory and personalized products or services, strive to improve your use
For household experience, we may additionally collect your personal information by enabling system permissions. like
If you do not provide this information, you can still obtain the basic functions provided by Pinduoduo, but
You may not be able to get the user experience this additional information brings to you. You can click "Pinduo"
Multi-permission application list》View application and usage instructions. You can use it in your settings
Prepare "Settings" or Pinduoduo client "Personal Center-Settings-Account and Security-System Permission Management"
View relevant permissionsand can decide on or off these permissions at your own discretion (if appropriate
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 7/18
use). When you enable any permission, it means you authorize us to collect the corresponding individuals of this permission.
Information to achieve corresponding goals. Once you close any permissions, you have cancelled the corresponding authorization
Right, we will no longer continue to collect this personal information, nor will we be able to implement the authorization for you
Respond to the goal. However, your decision to turn off permissions will not affect the previous ones made based on your authorization
processing of personal information.
2.8 Third-party SDK or other similar applications
In order to ensure the stable operation and functional implementation of our products or services, you can use and enjoy
For more services and functions, our applications will embed third-party SDKs or other similar applications.
Use the program. For details on the collection of personal information involved in the third-party SDK we access, please refer to
"Pinduoduo Third-Party SDK Catalog". You can use the Pinduoduo client "Personal Center-Settings-
Account and security-System permission management-Third-party SDK management" for management.
Note: We hereby remind you specifically because we provide you with a wide range of products and services.
Moreover, there are differences in the specific product or service scope chosen by different users, so the corresponding collection is
The types and scope of personal information used will be different, and the actual collection and use of your personal information will be
The situation is subject to the products and services you enjoy.
3. The use of cookies and similar technologies
3.1. When you use our services, we may use relevant technologies to send to your device.
Send one or more cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter referred to as "cookies") to collect and mark
Identify and store information when you access, use our products or services. We use cookie master
In order to ensure the safe and efficient operation of products and services, understand your usage habits, and help you
Eliminate the steps of repeatedly entering registration information, or helping to determine the security of your account, and
We may use cookies to show you information that may be of interest to help you optimize
Refine the selection and interaction of advertising.
3.2. If your browser or browser additional services allow it, you can use the browser to provide it.
The function of clearing the browser cached data is performed to clear the corresponding data, or modify it to
How much cookies are accepted or rejected by us. You may have no
Use corresponding services or functions that rely on cookies.
3.3. You understand and agree that you may use the Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform
There may be some electronic images, called "single-pixel GIF files" or "network beacons" or
Other similar technologies (collectively referred to as "network beacon"). We may use the network
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 8/18
beacon to help calculate the number of users using the Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform or access certain
Cookies are used to identify Pinduoduo users.
4. Information sharing, commissioned processing, transfer and public disclosure
4.1. Sharing
Please be aware that we will share it only for legal, legitimate, necessary, specific and clear purposes
Your information and only share personal information necessary to provide products or services. about Us
For specific scenarios of information sharing, please refer to the "Pinduoduo Information Sharing List" attached to this policy.
Please note that information you voluntarily share when using our services may involve you or others
personal information and even sensitive personal information. Please consider and make decisions more cautiously.
Except for the following circumstances, we will not share your personal information with any other Pinduoduo.
Person, company or organization:
4.1.1 Share with your consent: After obtaining your consent, we may contact others
Share your personal information.
4.1.2 Sharing necessary to perform legal obligations: We may issue
In the case of litigation or dispute resolution, or in accordance with the requirements put forward by administrative and judicial organs in accordance with the law,
Share your personal information as necessary for the performance of other legal obligations.
4.1.3 For the purpose of entering into and fulfilling your partyShared in the case of a contract required:
You purchase goods/services through the Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform, and we may choose according to your choice
Choose to share the transaction-related information in your order information with merchants or logistics distribution, etc.
A three-party entity to realize your transaction, distribution and after-sales service needs.
4.1.4 Sharing with affiliated companies: To facilitate affiliated companies to provide you with some services, or to you
Show content that may be of interest, or protect your account and transaction security, or protect Pinduo
The personal property of many and/or other users or the public is protected from infringement, and your personal information may be
Will be shared with our affiliates.
4.2 Entrustment processing
We may entrust partners or affiliates to process your personal information so that it can represent me
We provide you with certain services or perform functions and we will only handle them in the processing you authorize to us.
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 9/18
Within the purpose, method, scope, or circumstances stipulated by law, on the premise of legality and legitimate
entrusted to process your information.
4.2.1 Currently, our partners include the following types:
(1) Advertising and analysis service partners. We will entrust these partners to handle the
Information related to advertising coverage and effectiveness, but will not provide your personally identifiable information, or
We de-identify this information so that it will not recognize your personal
share. Such partners may combine the above information with other data they have legally obtained
to implement advertising services or decision recommendations we entrust.
(2) Suppliers, service providers and other partners. We may bring your personal
Information is entrusted to partners who support Pinduoduo services, including providing us with infrastructure
Providers of technical services, data analysis services, security services, customer services, etc.
4.2.2 In order to ensure and optimize our services, we will be associated with the products or services we provide you with
Companies may entrust or be entrusted to process some of your personal information.
4.3. Transfer
Involving mergers, divisions, dissolutions, bankruptcy or other similar transactions, personal letters are required
During the visit, we will inform you of the recipient's name or name and contact information to receive you
Companies and organizations with personal information will continue to be subject to this privacy policy. The receiver changes the original
For the purpose and method of processing, you will be re-enquired for authorization and consent.
4.4. Public disclosure
Pinduoduo attaches great importance to protecting your personal information, and we will not disclose it to an irrelevant third
The party will not make it public, except for those disclosed for the following reasons:
(1) Obtain your separate consent or based on your proactive choice;
(2) Must be required according to the requirements of laws and regulations, mandatory administrative law enforcement or judicial requirements
In the case of providing your personal information, we may use the required type of personal information and
Disclosure method to publicly disclose your personal information;
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 10/18
(3) Other circumstances that can be disclosed according to law or agreed by both parties. If you violate the
We may disclose your relevant violations against laws and regulations or relevant agreements and rules.
and the measures we have taken to you.
5. Information storage and protection
5.1.Storage location of user information
All your personal information will be stored in the territory of the People's Republic of China, except for the following circumstances
outside:
(1) There are other clear provisions in laws and regulations;
(2) Obtain your separate consent;
(3) Your cross-border e-commerce transactions and other types of contracts entered into and concluded with one party
Required for performance.
In response to the above circumstances, we will provide your personal information in accordance with this policy and relevant laws and regulations.
For protection.
5.2. Storage period of user information
We will only retain your personal information for the period required to achieve the purposes stated in this policy, unless
The retention period needs to be extended or subject to the permission or requirements of laws and regulations, such as "People's Republic of China"
Sub-Commerce Law requires that the time for the storage of goods and service information and transaction information be from the date of completion of the transaction.
From no less than three years. After the period of storage is exceeded, we will delete it as required by applicable law.
Your personal information may be anonymous.
We judge personal letterThe storage period of the information is mainly based on the following standards:
(1) Complete the transaction purposes related to you, maintain the corresponding transactions and business records in order to deal with them
Your possible inquiries or complaints;
(2) Ensure the safety and quality of the services we provide to you;
(3) Do you agree to a longer retention period;
(4) According to the relevant needs of the statute of limitations;
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 11/18
(5) Whether there are other special agreements or provisions on the retention period?
5.3. Protection of personal information
5.3.1. Principles
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information, and we will use security protection measures that meet industry standards.
Protect your personal information to prevent unauthorized access, public disclosure, and
Use, modify, damaged or lost.
5.3.2. Technical Measures
We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, in your
When exchanging data between the browser and the server, we are protected by SSL encryption; we also use Pinduoduo
The website provides https safe browsing mode; we will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data
We use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent data from being attacked by malicious attacks.
5.3.3. Management Measures
We will formulate data operation processes, build security management systems and set up special security
Departments and other management measures to ensure the security of your personal information; deploy access control mechanisms and adopt
Authorized methods to minimize access to personal data, ensuring that only authorized personnel can access it
human information; formulate security management systems to prevent personal information leakage and other security incidents, and
Set up emergency plans and remedial measures to prevent the further expansion of accidental safety incidents and follow the law
Perform relevant reporting and notification obligations; set up a full-time personal information protection team to be fully responsible for letters
Information protection, organize security and privacy protection training courses, and strengthen employees' protection of personal information
Awareness of importance.
5.3.4. Safety Precautions and Reminders
The Internet is not an absolutely safe environment, we strongly recommend that you not use Pinduoduo services.
You should use communication methods that are not recommended by Pinduoduo. You can use our service
Make contact and share with each other. When you create communication, transaction or sharing through our services
When you can choose the object you can communicate, trade or share as the one you can see your transaction
A third party that provides related information such as content, contact information, exchange information or share content.
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 12/18
When using Pinduoduo services for online transactions, you will inevitably have to go to the other party or potentially
The counterparty in the transaction discloses their personal information, such as contact information or contact address. Please
Be good at protecting your personal information and only provide it to others if necessary. If you find yourself
Your personal information, especially your account or password, is leaked. Please contact us immediately to
We will take corresponding measures based on your application.
As mentioned above, Pinduoduo will use various security technologies, procedures and systems to prevent user personal information from
Loss, improper use, unauthorized reading or disclosure. If personal information occurs unfortunately
For all incidents, we will inform you of the basic circumstances of security incidents in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations.
The situation and possible impact, the disposal measures we have taken or will take, you can take independent precautions
and risk reduction advice, remedies for you, etc. We will use the information on the incident
When it is difficult to inform you of personal information subjects one by one, if you are not allowed to inform the individual information one by one,
We will use reasonable and effective methods to issue announcements. At the same time, we will also follow the regulatory department
The door requires that the handling of personal information security incidents be reported.
6. User personal information rights
6.1. Review, correction and supplement of user personal information
You have the right to review, correct and supplement your information through the following methods, but laws and regulations otherwise stipulate
If this policy or Pinduoduo User Service Agreement is otherwise agreed or the page is set
outside.
6.1.1. Account information - If you wish to view or edit personal basic information in your account, etc.
Information, you can log in to the Pinduoduo client through "Personal Center-My Information (by clicking the header
Like or nicknameEnter)" or "Homepage-Duoduo Video-upper-left avatar-personal homepage" performs this type
operate.
6.1.2. Search information - You can log in to your account and view it through the "Homepage-top search box" or
Clear your search history.
6.1.3. Browse information - You can log in to your account to view or clear it through "Personal Center-Historical Browsing"
Remove your browsing history.
6.1.4. Order information - You can log in to your account to pass. "Personal Center-My Order" visit or
Clear your order records, order records, transaction records, etc.
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 13/18
6.1.5. Publish information - You can log in to your account and use "Homepage-Duoduo Video-upper-left avatar-
People's Home Page - Works" View or delete your works.
6.1.6. Log in to the Pinduoduo client and you can enter the "Personal Center-Settings-Personal Information Collection"
Single “Unitly check relevant personal information.
6.1.7. If you cannot access such information through the above path, you can use the Pinduoduo Comprehensive Platform
Customer service contact us. For other arising from your use of our products or services
Personal information, we will give you the relevant arrangements in this policy “Respond to Your Above Request”
supply.
6.2. Copying of user personal information
You can log in to the Pinduoduo client and use the "Personal Center-Settings-Account and Security-Personal Information" under
"Export your relevant personal information (such as basic account information) and/or use "User
Copy your personal letter after querying the path listed in "Review, Correction and Supplementary"
interest.
6.3. Deletion of user personal information
You can delete yours by the method listed in "Review, Correction and Supplement of User Personal Information"
Some personal information should be kept as stipulated by laws and regulations.
In the following circumstances, you can contact us to delete personal information by contacting customer service.
beg:
(1) Our behavior of processing personal information violates laws and regulations;
(2) Our behavior of processing personal information seriously violates the agreement with you;
(3) We stop providing products or services or the shelf life is over;
(4) We collect and use your personal information without obtaining your consent;
(5) The purpose of our processing of personal information has been achieved, cannot be achieved, or to achieve the processing purpose
No longer necessary.
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 14/18
If we decide to respond to your deletion request, we will also notify us as much as possible.
The subject of obtaining your personal information and requesting it to be deleted in a timely manner (unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations
or those subjects have obtained your separate consent).
When you or we assist you in deleting relevant information, due to applicable legal and security technology restrictions,
We may not be able to delete the corresponding information from the backup system immediately, and we will save it safely
Your personal information and limit any further processing of it until the backup can be cleared or implemented
Now anonymized.
6.4. Change the scope of your authorization or withdraw your authorization
You can change your authorization to continue collecting by deleting information, closing device permissions, etc.
The scope of personal information or withdraw your authorization. You can also cancel your account
Return to our authorization to continue to collect your personal information in part or in full.
Please understand that each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed.
In this case, we may not be able to respond to your request to change the scope of authorization. When you withdraw your consent or authorization
After that, we will not be able to continue to provide you with services corresponding to withdrawing consent or authorization, and will no longer be handled.
Process your personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect your previous decision based on your
The authorization of information processing is carried out.
6.5.Cancel Account
6.5.1 You can use the Pinduoduo client "Personal Center-Settings-Account and Security-Account Logout" or
Contact Pinduoduo official customer service and enter "Log out" to view the way to cancel your account and what you should do
conditions. When you successfully apply for cancellation of your Pinduoduo account and approved by us, we will
Delete or anonymize your personal information, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations.
6.5.2 If we terminate the serviceOr operate, we will notify you at least 30 days in advance and
Your personal information will be deleted or anonymoused after termination of the service or operation.
6.6. Respond to your above request
To ensure safety, you or other authorized subjects stipulated by law (such as your close relatives in specific scenarios
When making the above request to us, we may first ask you to verify your identity.
Then process your request. We will give an answer within 15 days after your identity verification is correct
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 15/18
complex. If you are not satisfied, you can also use Pinduoduo customer service and reporting hotline 021-53395288
Initiate a complaint. In principle, we do not charge any fees for your reasonable request, but for multiple repetitions
We will charge a certain fee for requests that exceed reasonable limits. For that
Some information that is not directly related to your identity, has no reason to repeat, and requires too many technical means (for example
For example, it is necessary to develop a new system or fundamentally change the current practices) and give others the legal rights and interests to bring them.
We may reject risks or very impractical requests.
6.7. The rights of the deceased's close relatives
If a Pinduoduo user unfortunately dies, his close relatives can contact us through the official customer service.
Exercise the legitimate rights and interests stipulated by law by submitting relevant supporting documents.
7. Protection of personal information of minors
We attach great importance to the protection of personal information of minors. We presume in e-commerce activities
You have the corresponding civil capacity. If you are a minor under the age of 18, please
Your guardian reads this policy carefully and uses it with the consent of your guardian
Our services or provide us with information.
If you are a child under the age of 14, please and your guardian before you use our services.
People carefully read the "Pinduoduo Children's Personal Information Protection Rules" we specially formulated to ensure that
You can only obtain the consent of the guardian to the "Pinduoduo Children's Personal Information Protection Rules"
Use our Services under the guidance of a guardian to ensure that you are using our Services and conducting
Safety during transactions. If you are the guardian of the child, please pay attention to whether the child is obtaining you.
Use our Services after authorization. If you have any questions about the child's personal information, please
Contact our full-time personal information protection team.
8. Policy updates
8.1. We may update our products and services and related laws and regulations.
We will require the timely amendment of the terms of this policy.
Publicly announce the updated version on the Pinduoduo comprehensive service platform for the purpose of collecting your personal information
We will also use website messages or other appropriate changes such as changes in the method and scope.
Notify you of updated content so that you can keep up to date with the latest privacy policy.
8.2. We will also archive old versions of this policy.
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 16/18
8.3. In order for you to receive notifications in a timely manner, it is recommended that you notify me in time when the contact information is updated.
We. If you continue to use our services after the update of this policy takes effect, it means you have fully implemented it
Read, understand and accept updated policies and be willing to be bound by updated policies. We drum
You are encouraged to review this policy every time you use our services. You can use it on the Pinduoduo App
View this policy in "Personal Center-Settings-About Pinduoduo-Privacy Policy".
9.Others
9.1. Independence of clauses
If any provision or any provision in this Policy is determined in accordance with applicable law
Partly invalid, illegal or not enforceable, such invalid, illegal or not capable
Enforceability does not affect any other provisions in this Policy or any other part of these Terms
The effectiveness of points. The title or summary of the terms of this Privacy Policy is for reference only and does not define or reflect.
Remind or restrict the meaning, description and interpretation of the terms of this policy, the terms, summary and corresponding terms shall not be
If the agreement is consistent, the content agreed in the terms shall prevail.
9.2. Contact Us
9.2.1. You have any questions, comments or suggestions regarding this policy or your personal information,
Please contact Pinduoduo comprehensive platform customer service or through PinduoMulti-APP "Personal Center-Setting-Reverse Opinions
Feed” Contact us.
9.2.2. We have also set up a full-time personal information protection team, which you can send to
privacy@pinduoduo.com Contact us. Our registered address is: Mayor of Shanghai
Room 2902-2913, No. 533 Loushanguan Road, Ning District. It should be noted that we may not reply with
Issues that are not related to this policy or your personal information rights.
9.2.3. Generally, we will reply within fifteen days. If you are dissatisfied with our reply
In particular, our personal information processing behaviors have damaged your legitimate rights and interests, you can also
A solution is sought by filing a lawsuit in a court with competent jurisdiction in the defendant's domicile.
9.3. Effective Date
This policy came into effect for the first time on August 29, 2017, updated on November 12, 2024, and was 2024
The revision will take effect on November 20.
Appendix: Related definitions and descriptions
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 17/18
1. Personal information: refers to electronically recorded and identified or identifiable
Various information related to natural persons does not include anonymous information.
2. Sensitive personal information: refers to a person who is easily caused by natural persons once it is leaked or used illegally.
Personal information whose dignity is infringed or personal or property safety is endangered. Sensitive individuals
Information includes biometrics, religious beliefs, specific identities, medical health, financial accounts, banking
track tracks and other information, as well as personal information of minors under the age of fourteen.
3. Children: refers to minors under the age of fourteen.
4. Deidentification: refers to the situation where personal information is processed so that it does not rely on additional information.
The process of not identifying a specific natural person is not allowed.
5. Anonymization: refers to the fact that personal information cannot be identified by a specific natural person after processing and cannot be restored.
process.
6. Device information: including device identifier (IMEI only had Pinduoduo before version 6.63.0
APP, IDFA, Android ID, IMSI, OAID, HarmonyOS OAID and others
Equipment identification information), MAC address, equipment parameters and system information (equipment type, equipment
Model, device serial number, operating system and hardware related information), application information (application crash
Crash information, notification switch status, application installation list, application version and other application
Related information), device network environment information (IP address, WiFi information, base station information and others
Network-related information), device location information (including GPS location authorized by you
Information as well as WLAN access point, Bluetooth information) and device sensor information (including acceleration
degree, magnetic field, gravity, temperature, light sense, pressure, gyroscope, distance, rotation vector,
step sensor information). The actual collection situation shall prevail.
7. Log information: including search records, click to view records, browsing records, favorite records,
Pay attention to relationships, share history, transactions, after-sales service, publish information, as well as IP address, browser
Type, language used, date and time of access, telecom operator. In actual collection
The situation shall prevail.
2025/4/23 23:08 Pinduoduo Privacy Policy
https://m.pinduoduo.net/private_policy.html?external=true 18/18